Re-add the section to upgrade Smart Proxy using remote execution for … (#2789)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_upgrading-smartproxy-server.adoc

. Optional: If you made manual edits to DNS or DHCP configuration files, check and restore any changes required to the DNS and DHCP configuration files using the backups made earlier.
ifdef::orcharhino,satellite[]

> . Optional: If you use custom repositories,ensure that you enable these custom repositories after the upgrade completes.

Reviewer: I think you accidentally removed the space after the comma. :-)

endif::[]

> .Upgrading {SmartProxyServersTitle} Using Remote Execution

Reviewer: ISG says we need to use sentence case for headers, including "dot" headers. I have started updating the file headers but have not gotten to dot headers yet. Please change to "Upgrading {SmartProxyServersTitle} using remote execution". 

Just as a point of information, if you do use title case for headers, "using" is not capitalized because it is a preposition.

> . Create a backup.

Reviewer: `.` -> `:` because this is a lead-in sentence.

> . Create a backup.
> +
> * On a virtual machine, take a snapshot.
> * On a physical machine, create a backup.
> +
> For more information on backups, see {AdministeringDocURL}backing-up-satellite-server-and-capsule-server[Backing Up {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer}] in the _Administering {ProjectName} {ProjectVersionPrevious}_ guide.

Reviewer 2: There are also filesystems which can take snapshots. I think admins have sufficient knowledge on what they can or can't do, or otherwise the link document does a much better job of describing it. So would it be sufficient to say:
```suggestion
. Create a backup or take a snapshot.
+
For more information on backups, see {AdministeringDocURL}backing-up-satellite-server-and-capsule-server[Backing Up {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer}] in the _Administering {ProjectName} {ProjectVersionPrevious}_ guide.
```

. Optional: If you made manual edits to DNS or DHCP configuration in the `/etc/zones.conf` or `/etc/dhcp/dhcpd.conf` files, back up the configuration files.
The installer only supports one domain or subnet, and therefore restoring changes from these backups might be required.

. Optional: If you made manual edits to DNS or DHCP configuration files and do not want to overwrite the changes, enter the following command:
+
[options="nowrap"]
----
# {foreman-installer} --foreman-proxy-dns-managed=false \
--foreman-proxy-dhcp-managed=false

> ----

Reviewer 2: We left this part out of the regular upgrade guide so I'd be tempted to do the same here.

. In the {ProjectWebUI} , navigate to *Monitor* > *Jobs*.

. Click *Run Job*.

. From the *Job category* list, select *Maintenance Operations*.

. From the *Job template* list, select *{SmartProxy} Upgrade Playbook*.

. In the *Search Query* field, enter the host name of the {SmartProxy}.

> . Ensure that *Resolves to* shows *1 host*.

Reviewer: If this is a value displayed in a field, this wording might be clearer: "Ensure that *1 host* is displayed in the *Resolves to* field."

Author: Changed to `Ensure that *Resolves to* field displays *1 host*.` to avoid passive voice.

. In the *target_version* field, enter the target version of the {SmartProxy}.

> . In the *whitelist_options* field, enter the whitelist options.

Reviewer: Now that's interesting. I am doing an inclusive language audit of the docs (SAT-23271) and did not think to check for 'whitelist' because it is so seldom used. Obviously, we can't change the field name. I recommend you change "enter the whitelist options" to "enter your options" or similar. 

Another possibility is not to mention the fields at all. It is acceptable to write "Enter the target version of the {SmartProxy}" or "Click **Static Query**" or "Select the schedule..." if the UI elements are clear.

Author: Agreed. Changed to `enter your options` for now,

ifdef::orcharhino,satellite[]
. Optional: If you use custom repositories, ensure that you enable these custom repositories after the upgrade completes.
endif::[]

.Upgrading {SmartProxyServersTitle} using remote execution

. Create a backup or take a snapshot.
+

> For more information on backups, see {AdministeringDocURL}backing-up-satellite-server-and-capsule-server[Backing Up {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer}] in the _Administering {ProjectName} {ProjectVersionPrevious}_ guide.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information on backups, see {AdministeringDocURL}backing-up-satellite-server-and-capsule-server[Backing Up {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer}] in _{AdministeringDocTitle}_.
```

. In the {ProjectWebUI} , navigate to *Monitor* > *Jobs*.
. Click *Run Job*.
. From the *Job category* list, select *Maintenance Operations*.
. From the *Job template* list, select *{SmartProxy} Upgrade Playbook*.
. In the *Search Query* field, enter the host name of the {SmartProxy}.
. Ensure that *1 host* is displayed in the *Resolves to* field.
. In the *target_version* field, enter the target version of the {SmartProxy}.
. In the *whitelist_options* field, enter the options.

> . For *Type of query*, click *Static Query*.

Reviewer: This looks odd. We do not normally use "for" in this way ("For Type of query"). 

What is "Type of query"? A web page? Pane? Section? List?

What is "Static Query"? A button? Radio button? Checkbox? If it is an ordinary button, "click" is correct. If it is a something else, then "select" would be correct.

Reviewer 4: For reference, it looks like this:
![image](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/assets/108661422/8584ba93-668f-428e-9c53-e39327e38f77)

Reviewer: Great! I recommend this, as long as it aligns with the rest of the procedure and other documentation: "In the **Query type** section, select **Static query**." Radio buttons are selected/cleared, not clicked.

I hope those label subtitles ("evaluates ...") are mockups. They need a bit of work.

Reviewer 4: Sadly not, what you are looking at is the production environment of 6.14 Satellite, possibly other versions too. I do not recollect in which version the job wizard was changed.

Reviewer: OK, I will look at the UI when I have time and create a bug.

Reviewer: Created [issue](https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37220) to fix this.

> . Select the schedule for the job execution in *Schedule*.

Reviewer: The "Schedule" and "Query Type" steps should be reversed because the Schedule section is followed by the Query Type.

![Screenshot_20240304_152344](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/assets/31725355/7c1a162f-6222-4c0c-b54e-727104a8ae74)

ifdef::orcharhino,satellite[]
. Optional: If you use custom repositories, ensure that you enable these custom repositories after the upgrade completes.
endif::[]

> .Upgrading {SmartProxyServersTitle} using remote execution

Reviewer: IIRC, the mod docs ref guide says that a procedure module should not contain multiple procedures. This module is already extremely long and is starting to look like an assembly. I recommend creating a separate module for this procedure.

Reviewer: Excellent!

> . Create a backup or take a snapshot.

Reviewer: This sounds like a prerequisite.

Author: Agreed, will move this into the prerequisites when rearranging.

+
For more information on backups, see {AdministeringDocURL}backing-up-satellite-server-and-capsule-server[Backing Up {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer}] in the _Administering {ProjectName} {ProjectVersionPrevious}_ guide.

. In the {ProjectWebUI} , navigate to *Monitor* > *Jobs*.

> 

Reviewer: If there is no guideline about procedure step spacing, I recommend removing the empty lines to save space and make it easier for reviewers to scan. (Obviously the rendering will be the same, regardless of the spacing.)

Reviewer 3: Yes, by convention, we do not add unnecessary whitespace (e.g. between list items)

. Click *Run Job*.

. From the *Job category* list, select *Maintenance Operations*.

. From the *Job template* list, select *{SmartProxy} Upgrade Playbook*.

. In the *Search Query* field, enter the host name of the {SmartProxy}.

> . Ensure that *Resolves to* field displays *1 host*.

Reviewer: "that "**Resolves to** field" -> "that the "**Resolves to** field"

Author: Done

> . In the *target_version* field, enter the target version of the {SmartProxy}.

Reviewer: Now I am wondering whether we should submit bugs for these "name_with_underscore" field labels. They look like variables that ended up as labels.

Author: @apinnick should I mark this as resolved for now?

ifdef::orcharhino,satellite[]
. Optional: If you use custom repositories, ensure that you enable these custom repositories after the upgrade completes.
endif::[]

.Upgrading {SmartProxyServersTitle} using remote execution

. Create a backup or take a snapshot.
+

> For more information on backups, see {AdministeringDocURL}backing-up-satellite-server-and-capsule-server[Backing Up {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer}] in the _{AdministeringDocTitle}_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information on backups, see {AdministeringDocURL}backing-up-satellite-server-and-capsule-server[Backing Up {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer}] in _{AdministeringDocTitle}_.
```
